Our people are the heart of our business.
Coming from a range of backgrounds and personal experiences,
and celebrating an amazing range of skills and interests,
we work in teams that are as diverse as the communities in which we live.
Working together means helping each other, respecting each other and communicating with each other
to deliver the best possible outcomes for our customers, our partners and the community,
and to ensure a safe, healthy and productive workplace.
As a member of our team, it's up to you to make sure that how you act towards your co-workers,
team members and people leaders is in-line with Our Values,
Our Ethics, and with any laws or regulations.
And, just to make sure you're clear on this, you'll get training at just the right time
with just the right amount of information to help you understand what you can expect from us,
and what we expect from you.
You can also read about these in a series of policy documents on our Corporate Intranet site.
If you are unable to access the corporate intranet
talk to your people leader.
We want to support you to make better decisions in the work you do every day,
so that our business continues to be a great place to work and the customers we serve,
leave with a smile.